What are you still doing?
Hurry up and give it to Zhao Ruolan and Ma Shoufu
And the whole village apologized
Leader
It was the two of them who bullied us
Why do we have to apologize to him in turn?
Zhao Ruolan is allowed to cheat
He should be punished
What about us today?
I already understood it very clearly on the way here
It's your family
Bullying Zhao Ruolan from start to finish
Now I'm going to give you two options.
Ask me to apologize honestly
Want me to put you on the unwelcome list
Let you never come to the building again
Don't lead
I have been in the building for decades
Half of the assets are in the building
I can't leave the building
Yes, leader.
You give me another chance.
Aren't you arrogant?
Aren't you waiting to be slapped in the face?
Satisfy you now
Are you not happy?
I'm going to give you one last chance.
That is to honor the bet with Zhao Ruolan
Otherwise
Don't blame me for being rude
Just lie to you
Can't help us